 Sometimes goodbye is the only way
 有时候再见是唯一的方法
 The darkness is no darkness with thee.
 有了你，黑暗不再是黑暗
 When you have nothing to lose,it is time to gain.
 当你再也没有什么可以失去的时候，就是你开始得到的时候。
 We pass the time, or time passed us
 是我们路过了时间，还是时间路过了我们?
 Island is a marine wound to diffuse over coverage
 岛是海洋想漫过来覆蓋的伤。
 Perhaps you get worse today, but tomorrow will always be new。
 或许今天你过得很糟糕，但是明天总会是崭新的!
 So what if we fall down? At least we are still young.
 摔倒了又怎样，至少我们还年轻。
 Hate missing, and a *** ile and min.
 恨不知所踪，一笑而泯。
 How to be happy: stop paring yourself to others.
 如何才能更快乐：不要再拿自己与别人比较。
 Forever is a long time, but I wouldn’t mind spending it by your side.
 永远好远，但若有你相伴，我愿和你共度此生
 The only way to meet the right one is to be what you really are.
 用最真实的自己，才能遇见最应该的那个人。
 Love is posed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.
 爱是单一的灵魂栖息在两个躯体里。
 Life has no rehearsals, only performances
 人生没有彩排，只有正式演出。
 It's not about what you say, its about what you do.
 关键不是你说什么，而是你做什么。说得再好，没有行动又怎样。
 Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving
 生活，就像骑单车。要保持平衡，就得不断往前走。
 If one knows what he lives for,he can bear all kinds of life.
 一个人知道为什么而活，就可以忍受任何种生活。
 A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out
 真正的朋友会在整个世界都离你远去的时候，仍然与你并肩。
 Don't let the fear for losing keep you from trying.
 别因为害怕失败而停止尝试。
 You see the world all wrong, may be you stand slanting
 你看全世界都不对时，兴许是你自己站歪了
 It take courage to grow up and turn out to be who you really are.
 长大，成为你自己，是件需要很大勇气的事情。
 Who's who of the hook, and who is who of redemption.
 谁是谁的劫，谁又是谁的救赎。
 I want to forget you, forget about any of your memory.
 我想忘掉你了，忘掉关于你的任何记忆。
 You find your sunshine, I was left alone sad.
 你找到了你的阳光，我却仍在独自忧伤。
 I am not sad, but the heart is very painful
 我没有难过,只是心很痛
 Smile everyday from today. Nothing really matters except to live or die.
 从今天开始，每天微笑吧，世上除了生死，都是小事。
 So what if we fall down? At least we are still young.
 摔倒了又怎样，至少我们还年轻
 I can do am not many, but you need time, I always.
 我能做的不多，但你需要的时候，我总是在的。
 Don't touch ambiguity when you are in love.
 拥有了爱情，就别去碰暧昧。
 In dreams and in love, there are no impossibilities.
 在梦想与爱中，没有什么不可能。
 Real girls aren’t perfect. Perfect girls aren’t real.
 真实的女孩不完美，完美的女孩不真实。
 The way to love anything is to realize that it might be lost.
 珍爱一切的好办法是：意识到你可能会失去它。
 Some people are like dark clouds. When they disappear, it's a brighter day.
 有些人就像乌云，离开了天空会更明亮。
 There is no elevator to success. You have to take the stairs.
 成功没有电梯，只有一步一个脚印。
 Every day is a beginning. Take a deep breath and start again.
 每一天都是一个开始。深呼吸，从头再来!
 Don’t let a bad day make you feel like you have a bad life
 不要让糟糕的一天让你误以为有个糟糕的人生。
 You're like a sun. Gave me the great semi-decadent people hope.
 你就像一道阳光。给了我这种半颓废的人莫大的希望。
 Has been lost again, better than never wounding more.
 得到了再失去，比从来就没有得到更伤人。
 The more you care for someone, the less you understand him.
 越是在乎的人，你就越是猜不透。
 My favorite place in the entire world is right next to you.
 整个世界，我最爱的地方就是你的左右
 A really good friend will make you feel fortable being who you are.
 真朋友，会让你感觉做自己就很自在。
 If you don’t fight for what you want, don’t cry for what you lose.
 如果你想要却不去拼搏，那么失去了你就别哭泣。
 Feelings fade, people change. You just gotta learn to accept that.
 情会淡，人会变，你得学着接受这个事实。
 If someone truly loves you, they will never give you a reason to doubt it.
 他若真爱你，就不会给你任何理由去怀疑。
 When I close my eyes, I don't see myself, but you.
 我闭上眼睛，看不见自己，却看见了你。
 Pain changes people. Experience creates people.
 痛苦会改变一个人。经历能造就一个人。
 A silent hug means a thousand words to the unhappy heart.
 一个无声的拥抱对一颗不快乐的心来说就是千言万语了。
 When the best memory has been recalled for many times,it's getting less tasty.
 再好的过去，回忆的次数多了，味道也就淡了。
 From now on, I will expect nothing, and just take what I get.
 从现在起，我将不再期待，只珍惜我所拥有的。
 What doesn’t kill me makes me stronger.
 那些杀不死我的东西，只会让我变更强。
 Life is really simple, but we insist on making it plicated.
 生活一直都很简单，但是我们也一直都忍不住要把它变得很复杂。
 Sometimes we feel tired because we are lost in our life.
 有时候，我们觉得累，是因为在人生的道路上，忘记了去哪。
 I had not felt warm since I went through numerous winters,until I met you.
 走过无数冬天的我从未感受过温暖，直到遇到你。
 If equal affection cannot be, let the more loving be me.
 如果没有相等的爱，那就让我爱多一些吧。
 I will always love, even if you are not
 我会一直爱，就算你不在
 The minute you think of giving up, think of the reason why you held on so long.
 在你想要放弃的那一刻，想想为什么当初坚持走到了这里。
 True love from the heart not the mouth.
 真正的爱来自心脏不是口腔
 This is who I am. Nobody said you had to like it.
 这就是我。没人说非要你喜欢。
 Memories can be painful. To forget may be a blessing.
 记忆是痛苦的根源，忘记也是一种福气。
 Dear that is not love that is on a whim.
 亲爱的 那不是爱情 那是一时兴起。  